hi I'm Sam Joaquin with riot wheels and
we're featuring today the fat daddy this
is an eighteen by three and a half the
secret about our success of this product
the spokes are made out of solid
stainless 304 the hub's are made out of
6061 solid aluminum bars machine in
house and the rims made out of steel a
spun steel rims all of the wheels that
we offer they come across laced on top
even though they call it Radio laced the
spoke is threaded into the hub we use
thread lock and lock tight we talked it
about 80 foot pounds of torque and the
spoke itself crosses into the trim and
it penetrates through the drop Center
off the rim therefore you can flatten
the rim and ride the spokes the wheels
that we offer they come to Bliss and we
give lifetime warranty on the spokes if
a spoke comes loose order for brakes
we immediately replace the whole wheel
for you at no extra charge that's as far
as the fat daddy we also offer a
multitude of colors after your choice we
can go on the web and design your own
wheel to the colors that you want to
match your bike and we have matching
rotors we call them the classic rotor
those are to match the spokes this way
the rotor doesn't hide the crooked
spokes at all and then we have the
pulley which is also a classic pulley
which will line up with the spokes as
well and they come from 84 99 pitman up
to 2010 on the rotors and on the pulley
also we have here the cross lace which
is the traditional spoke wheel they come
from 40 spokes 60 spoke 80 spoke up to
120 the spokes also stainless steel
including the nipple is stainless the
hub is made out of the same material
6061 spun steel rims and they also come
to 'bless and we have the matching
pulley which goes with the cross lace
and the pulley is named a mesh design
and this is the matching rotor and also
these available from 84 to 99 and all
15,000 up to 2010
you can color your wheels as shown here
this is just about the black spokes and
you could also match the hub and the rim
we have a variety of different colors
we have some with red and black some
with golden yellow this is just a red
and red with the crossways spokes and we
also have the powder-coated gold plating
with white and blue and last but not
least we have the trike wheels that's
made out of spokes this is for the rear
18 by 7 this is the latest and the
greatest and also we've got coming soon
the trike the dirt bike dirt bike wheels
ATV wheels and many other products that
we're revealing as we come along and as
they become ready we are constantly
innovating making up new product also
we're trying to come up now with a hub
that will fit the driveshaft wheels and
there is always more stuff in the queue